<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:a="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
  <title>Boat Details</title>
  
</h:head>

<h:body>
<h1 class="ui-widget-header ui-corner-all" align="center">Boat Details</h1>

<div id="canoes">
<p1>Canoes
<br /><br />
<h:graphicImage value="resources/image/canoe.jpg"/>

The Old Town Discovery 119 is a compact, single seater canoe that is agile and fun to paddle. It has been a long-time favourite in the Old Town range and similar to the others, it is stable, easy to handle and tough in construction. Use with a single paddle or double-bladed paddle as preferred.
 <br /><br />
 Specification includes the following:
<li>Single Seat</li>	
<li>Nylon Web Seats.</li>	
<li>Durable yet lightweight.</li>	
<li>Vinyl gunwales.</li>	
<li>Ash thwarts.</li>	
<li>Comfortable carrying handles.</li>	
</p1>
<br /><br />
</div>
<div id="canal barges">
<p2>Canal Barges OCTO Fly C
 <h:graphicImage value="resources/image/canalBarge.jpg"/>
<br /><br />
The OCTO Fly C from the Estivale range of canal boats is the largest in our fleet at 15 metres long. It is the flagship boat and despite being the longest it is easy to drive thanks to bow thrusters.
<br /><br />
Specification includes the following:
<li>Four cabins and four bathrooms at the very highest comfort standards.</li>	 
<li>Fully equipped with a large fridge/freezer, hob and oven, TV with satellite antenna, radio / CD / MP3 player, shore supply of 220 volts and a generator to allow 220 volts power even while cruising.</li>	 
<li>Rear covered terrace with table and chairs and access to the upper deck. Here there is a small dining area and outdoor kitchen in the shade underneath an awning.The second steering position and two deck matresses for sunbathing can also be found here.</li>	 
<li>There is a swim ladder for easy on/off access and a deck shower.</li>	
 </p2><br /><br />
 </div>
 <div id="Cruiser">
 <p3>Cruiser
 <br /><br />
 
 <h:graphicImage library="image" name="Silver-Ocean.jpg" />
 
 
 Silver Ocean (8 Berth) 
Based on the all new highly acclaimed Haines 400, the Silver Ocean will lay claim to be the ultimate in Shannon cruising comfort and luxury. The flagship of the Silver Line fleet boats, the Silver Ocean boasts sophistication and style together with a host of extras offers luxury accommodation for up to 8. This superb cruiser is fitted to the highest standard and comes with 2 en-suite stateroom island berths in the forward and aft cabin, together with a separate mid cabin to port.
<br /><br />
Specification includes the following:
<li>Luxury overnight accommodation for up to 8.</li>
<li>Three cabins -2 doubles, one twin, each with ample storage space.</li>	
<li>Saloon with luxurious seating, radio, CD player.</li>	
<li>Galley finished in avonite work surfaces, microwave, stainless steel gas oven, hob and grill.</li>	
<li>Extra large bathing platform with integral teak steps to port and starboard in galley and toilets.</li>	
  </p3><br /><br />
  </div>
  <div id="Yacht">
  <p4>Yacht
  <br /><br />
  <h:graphicImage value="resources/image/yacht.jpg"/>
Bavaria 50 Cruiser “Inishbeg”
Inishbeg, a Bavaria 50, the flagship of the Bavaria range. A 50-footer, Inishbeg is designed for comfort and performance. Accommodation on board is luxurious and the safety, communications and navigation technology is top of the range.
<br /><br />
Specification includes the following:
<li>Luxury overnight accommodation for up to 8.</li>	
<li>Four cabins - 3 doubles, one twin, each with ample storage space.</li>	
<li>Saloon with luxurious seating, radio, CD player, PC with internet connection.</li>	
<li>Galley with twin sinks, fridge, freezer, gas hob and oven, toaster, electric kettle, etc. Cutlery and ware for 14 people.</li>	
<li>Three heads each with toilet, shower and wash hand basin. Fourth shower on swim platform.</li>	
<li>Spacious cockpit with spray hood and full cockpit enclosure, can be fully closed when weather demands.</li>	
  </p4>
  </div>


</h:body>

</html>
